AdoptADog
  Seattle's Premiere dog adoption agency

Synopsis
  The site's primary focus is for users to browse and adopt dogs online. More and more often it is obvious that we turn online for the majority of our shopping needs. And adopting a pet is not exception.
  This site makes that process even easier with in-depth descriptions of the dogs available and professional pictures of said dog. This site enables those users who cannot meet the dog in-person during
  opening hours to choose the right dog for them. Even if a user does choose to visit one of our facilities, we realize that a user will probably prefer being able to go home and think about their decision.
  Therefore, even then the user just needs to adopt the dog online after said decision is made.

  In addition to being able to browse and adopt dogs at the press of a button we offer advice for owners on our blog page. This blog page consists of how-to articles on a variety of subjects including: 'However
  to Travel with your Dog' or 'How to Walk with Multiple Dogs at one time' or 'How to Train your Dog to Fetch'. The majority of articles are meant for first time dog owners but we intend to cover many topics
  that may or may not even help out our seasoned dog owners. We also expect to get some traffic to our site from the articles right into our adoptable dogs.

User Personas
  Millennials that are looking for their first dog as a solo dog owner and just like with the majority of their purchases prefers online browsing over in person browsing.

  Parents of children that have no time to come into any of our facilities and have to take time on their break at work to browse and choose a dog for the children at home that have been asking for a dog for ages now.

  Mid-30s dog-owner that has just purchased their first home and want to start growing their family starting with a dog. They prefer looking online at work and visiting the facility a few times before making a decision.

Licensing
  This site is licensed under University of Washington HTML 200 A Sp 2019.
